what's in your [Music]
stomach mag you is medicine wish you would R up cush you get the
place magic isic wish you would a Seena whisper to
me don't believe in any more lies getting crazy on the
Moonshine when you workful something the little [__] that you give to the
goddess Athena follows a deia suround she makes men fulfill the
desires to be with the woman ching with
afrc once you are out producing the thec watch out your brain will open up
Athena with a purple cup up cush you get the
place magic is wish you
would you get the place magic is
wish welcome back to Lady Babylon this is I'm and you tonight and what I am
going to give you from the beginning I must warn you this is our highest best
warning level I must warn you this is difficult and I know we've
been lots of places look we got with Jesus on the mountain and M Mary was
there and he was doing the self pleasuring and then offering it to
her to eat or they were both going to die I thought that was the lowest you
know and the naked kid that was with Jesus when he was arrested I thought those
were the lowest no no you haven't B to
the mystery and tonight I'm going to show you I'm going to show you the
mystery and I'm gonna use four dead people to do it I'm gonna use Mark I'm G
to use Mike that's s us I'm going to
use a nobody an unidentified
Joe from the 10th Century to the 13th somewhere in there I'm going to use that
dude is there's nothing that says look there's nothing that says in the
handbook for those of you who've been reading the handbook you can tell me
there's nothing that says that I can't use a dead person who's got no
name right who's got no name I'm G to use him tonight and you're going to see
something something incredible it's absolutely incredible um I'm going to
translate some Greek I'm going to translate a little bit of Latin and then I'm gonna read to you some English but
we're going to start off with the big punch are you ready for this I know I
know it's like that little surprise you get when you're like I usually saves that for the end of the day you know
what I mean here it is out on the table I'm giving it right to you are you ready
here's the future here's the future pull it up pull it up chewy first one hit
it my son my child do you imagine that they will ever again restore literature
or anything excellent the time is at hand and I told you when men will live worse
than wild beasts for now Antichrist is at hand even at the
doors and evil precursors in the shape of monstrous doctrines and unlawful
practices no better than the ories of bacas must usher in this ad
Advent and whatever things have been represented by the Greeks in their
tragedies as Saturn and [Music]
thyestes and Tantalus devouring their offspring edus debauching his mother and
kirus debing his daughters all these fearful enormities
will break in upon our
state that is what I'm bringing you tonight you see in order for the
Antichrist what's what happens in order for the Antichrist to um be found be
discovered what must be brought back are the rights of the mystery
yeah fantastic do you see what happens by the power by the power vested in that
satanic contract yeah I pronounced you
apocalypse are you ready for this are you ready for this let's go let's go
let's go are you ready give me the first one I just want you to look at the name I just want you to look at the name here
here here do you know what's going to happen by the way this isn't a freebie this is a freebie from the
Oracle it's a freebie from the Oracle for everybody out there who is that
monest right who's searching for that apocalypse everybody who's ready to
initiate it this is for you you got this is straight straight from hell
okay here we go you've got no defense in your wealth your
grade right has caused you to kick over the altar of
Justice to make her gone invisible no
longer present you've done it and do you know what's going to happen Madness
the Tyrant has Madness because of
your desire for wealth your Creed your
Creed isn't that gorgeous lick it up let's go to the next one watch this
people what happens we're talking about media and what what are we saying about
media what are we saying about media we're saying she performs sacrifices and
what kind of sacrifices does she perform she performs sacrifices
on children her
own do you remember the child sacrifices that's where we're going give
me the next one what am I bringing you give me give me yeah give me that one what am I bringing you I'm bringing
you the woman who eats her own
children who is and by the way this is nameless dude or you know he's supposed
to be some cleric um but you know that's who knows if that's accurate or not it's
somebody right and what is this Byzantine dude talking about he's talking about the woman who eats her own
children what does it take what does it take to perform the
mystery I'm going to translate now oh Earth who is Earth she's our first
Oracle who is the first Oracle the medwa is the first Oracle she gave her oracles
from an island that exploded she gave her oracles this is a woman in
history who gave her oracles as oracular
Prime talking about generations of what would happen in Generations do you know
what she was doing she was weaving history and she gave her oracles on the
island of theah which everybody knows there was in the late Bronze Age there was an explosion and the thing blew it
just blew its top and probably contributed to much of the garbage Dark
Ages that followed isn't that
interesting volcano um it's a beautiful place today by the way I highly recommend that you
go there and you visit these perfectly
preserved um settlement cities yeah this gorgeous anyway uh let's keep
going let's keep going how do we find ourselves on a picnic we were just praying to
Earth she who gapes who both
gapes and that is to open up to speak and what does she speak about what is
hidden within her what is hidden within earth the drama the drama
who is God God is she who writes the play are you ready I'm gonna show you
give it give it they love it you know what I mean what is that first word she is what she is a
spocka that's a priestess it also is somebody who who
performs sacrifices did you forget where we were right we're in the kenes right
um we're uh we're with the Temple of Diana somewhere right bunch of
amazonians run this place you know what I mean and when people wash up they get killed right and they're who are these
people they're those people who are processing the purple they're the people who are processing the purple are you
ready I'm going to show you tonight nobody ever believes me right this is all new by the way for the satanic
congregation it's all new yummy eat it's delicacy she is what she is a priestess
and she is the swallower of the child she is the mother who swallows the
child you see in Antiquity it wasn't a
question of a mother's capacity to bring life and bring death
it wasn't a question of that
the Earth the prime Oracle I'm talking about a woman now right in case you didn't
notice Greek history was heav in Mediterranean history was heavily heav
Egyptian history was heavily heavily influenced by mother
Greek and that's why we have all of this right it's the language she's the
true Queen and that's why you need Tower of Babel to come through her because she
is that power okay give give me the next one give me the next one what else is she she's a
pomos one who eats all all what all the
other dead things Earth the prime
Oracle eats the dead and the theion now look at
this word theion here now I know when the translators get a hold of this right
um they're going to screw it up if they didn't
already um Theon they're going to say beasts they're G to say all all the
other dead and beasts does that make sense no no those beasts are part of the
dead that's all the dead what are they talking about s on classicist have failed to acknow knowled the existence
of a drug class in
Antiquity right a drug class those
beasts are not R
beasts yeah no they're drugs yeah and that's why we have authors like nander writing a
thec right because it's all about the drugs that will counteract all of these
different poisonous creatures it's all do and antidote what do you
do right love it love it give me the next one watch this is new new stuff
people I promise right we're we're bringing the future with us relax kids eat your meal eat your meal we're
bringing the future now what do I do what do I do I invoke
the I invoke the the air what do I what do I force the air to
do and if you haven't been through the right if your eyes haven't been opened you don't know what I'm talking about so
don't worry about it for those of you who are new today magic is all about the
control the vision of and the control the manipulation of the
Demons yes we're going to have something so we're still we're doing that now and
what are we doing look around you the air is taking on the form of a thick death
Mist okay take it down for a second listen to what I just said the air around
you is taking on the form of a thick death Mist this death mist is a
woman and they call her Aus yeah yeah this is what covers she
covers the eyes of the
Dead she is the death Mist okay we talking about a priestess
last time I read that I thought we were talking about yes anthropologically we're talking
priestesses right fantastic fantastic watch we're going to pull the Bible into
so many give me the next one quick we got to it's got to people are going to run away we got three minutes left till
people run away Don't Run Away watch this people what is the air what is the
air I just want you to look at number two right they talk about Mr Hayes right
Mr Hayes um look at number two the mephitic
exhalations these are the heirs the Greek Physicians like hypocrates um um they write about about
The Heirs of a place you can walk into a room and there can be malaria there
there can be bad air um or it can be good air yeah can be good air and these
airs will influence you like the priestesses who Huff the mephitic
vapors yeah okay if you think the
Christians the Jews and the pagans did not
find their spiritual realities without the assistance directly of
drugs um you haven't read any ancient sources you haven't read watch she's
we're about to get into drugs where are with the we're with the mother right we're with the mother who devours give
me the next one give me the next one oh give me the myphitic vapor here this is
beautiful um where oh wait no that we missed go back up go back up to that one
that one there we go hey the second line of this right so the air around you is
I'm doing magic now right I'm doing magic the air around you is taking on
the form of a thick death mist and that
mist is there to hide the
true poetes in
blindness you are blind your eyes are not
open I can give you something I can take you
somewhere and if we have her she can open your eyes
will this thing kill me no no no no no no just stop it's not going to kill you
give me the next one isn't it interesting that you hide the poetes in
blindness is this why the ancient dragons were spoken of as being
blind is this why terius walks around with a stick is this why
adus only in understands when he's blinded himself yes do you have the
guts after discovering that you have been madly and passionately in love with
your mother do you have the guts to pop out your own
eyeballs do you have the guts to do that this is the drama this is the tragedy
that the woman who eats her own child endures she is the great savior who
endures are you ready let's see let's see what must be done to the child are
you ready everybody's sitting there right pass the
potatoes what is going to happen to that child
you Pro lifers I want to ask you is that mother going to kill us and
eat us let's see let's see the next one
let's see what she does are you ready before we get there I have to do
something it's official excuse me for my satanic duties um this is an imprecation
and I am officially and contractually darkening the sun because I do not want the sun to
shine upon the vision of this Divine
poetes writing such xenotropic now if you sat there if you writing what
we have to coin words right when you're using ancient Greek you've got to coin words to catch up that's all there is to
it and that's why classical philologists end up being the people in society who coin words mother Greek has gotten in
their system and opened them up right and um so what is xenotropic
drama your existence right now with the blackening of the sun and the death mist
around you that is xenotropic
drama okay it's going to appear to you to be very strange when we give you the
Ludo serum you're gonna get a funny taste in your mouth and maybe a little
bit paranoid this is the effect of the zenet
Tropic drama okay those nerds right give me the next
one give me the next one those nerds that um please please Lord Jesus can you
please bring us back to the Bible where is this woman
hidden in what Wilderness in what what
void is she contained do you remember gay in the
beginning of the Bible right right do you remember the
Earth in the beginning you remember uranos and GA right you remember uranos
and GA and what happens Gia was a
oros she was in the same place that the
hidden Oracle comes from in your
Revelation she is in the wilderness what they used to call
eron right oh God oh God it should be
it's not but it should be it's neuter are you
ready give me that next one we're going into the Oracle right
you see you see what they did I'm trying to show you what they did in the third and second centuries when they created
the text that people call now the Old Testament the Torah right the Bible right all of that trying to show you are
you ready we got to get more um who is this where is this
dramaturge where is this one who writes Your Existence she is in BL
blindness she is in
blindness okay give me the next
one what kind of mist must you put on you must put on the
Aus the death Mist did you know
lucifera who's remember we're worshiping if you guys didn't realize it we're on the Black Sea right and this is late
Bronze Age when these crafting priesthoods own the world and con guide
it through these oracular voices oh my God where did it's
democracy people right we got democracy of the scientific method all the good stuff all the good stuff don't worry it
took us a while once the anyway let's um by the way can I just make an
announcement for those of you who are history Buffs I know you love this I know you love this the oldest form of
Western education comes out of
Lesbos and it was the interference of the eolian dialect with the
cyan Tech that brought us our mystery
you know it brought us our mystery this is where it's coming from does it have
an origin yes and we're talking about ancestors of these people that go back
to the calal lithic so don't talk about Egypt oh it came from Egypt no it didn't
yeah it came from horse cultures called the
Palco came from them transmitted their culture through cyan
lifestyle horse these are people on horses so horse so horse adjusted that
their bones are shaped differently the women have you know because it's a big
thing for the women on the horses you know what I mean if they go together they do they really do um anywh who
let's get let's get back into the text there bring me another text here um I
want to frighten people I want to frighten so let's get the good ones um what is she who is this
Priestess who we saw was the Prime Oracle the medwa who is she she is the
ponon she is the child killer she is the
child killer who is your mother who is your
mother your holy mother did you know your holy mother is a child
killer did you know she is she's a child killer she has to be right she kills us
all eventually it's gorgeous open up Earth show us show us what's in your depths
this is why we're breathing the myphitic vapors it's all part of the it's all
part of the um process of the mystery the initiation and the opening of your
eyes don't worry I will warn you though you will wake up
naked don't be surprised did you people realize that what they were doing in the
garden when they take they take the AA out of the side of the Adamas the
Invincible do you know what they're doing yeah they're performing the
mystery people and there's sex involved sexual intercourse is the best way to say it
scientifically you know you could say it like a professor I had who was a British
instructor of Shakespeare um the in out and out I
thought that was clever the in out and out um thank you for that thank you uh
where we mingle that sexual
intercourse in that midsummer is where we
find this priesthood and this Oracle who is the Prime who is the first
Oracle yeah fantastic brilliant the human history is way more interesting
than all of the garbage that people come up with Theory wise and bookwise to sell
books and stuff like that the actual stuff's way more interesting let me show you let me show you for example look at
this oh my God Tain plen now that plaen is that development remember the Bible
doesn't say that God created Adam says that he molded him he shaped
him he educated him and what is what is she then this
priest this because we're in the Black Sea and Temple of Diana all their purple all their fingers are purple what is
this place this is the place of the mother eater this is the
metagon do you realize everybody that washes a shore on
this beach gets sacrificed do you understand that you
are looking into a mirror you have washed
ashore you will be sacrificed
okay okay are you beginning to see where you enter are you begin to see where you
enter this cult how it is that you get into it a recognition of your own
nature right all of us get sacrificed all of us right it's the really really wealthy
ones that are SC just scammer and just Scuttle this place find a way for
me to Live extra time dude we all get sacrificed in the
end right we all get sacrificed so let's sacrifice tonight a
child to the mother eater shall we do that shall we do that there's an ancient
riddle in this text and the riddle
says the mother's tomb is in the stomach
of her daughter the mother's tomb is in the stomach of her
daughter okay I want you to meditate on that solve that equation tell me why
that appears in this Byzantine testimony of the woman who was eating her own
children give it to me give it to me um this is
that molding or confirmation just in case you don't believe me it's also a training of the voice you know some kind
of training who is she the Priestess the one who screams AA who is this Bonet
lady and by the way media created that worship the Bonet worship is through the
medwa why do you think the Meads are all women yeah why do you think there's an
oracular association right let's see them eat remember what do they do they eat the
Flesh and drink the blood now I know if you are taking your
period and you are sharpening it to where your
Fury becomes a reality where you are taken to the place where you are able
Imagine This ladies there's 24 of you we're going to have you jacked on these drugs it's only women
any any men in the vicinity get killed and we're GNA sacrifice a dude this
dude's bad though don't worry what are we going to do well we've had them locked up we're going to lead him out to
the mountains during one of your little deals yeah when you're your most
sharp and you can have Adam do you know what it usually Happ happens they end up
getting torn apart dude torn apart torn
apart these are hunting Cults that are part of horse cultures
that develop the use of poison arrows these people don't mess
around and they're soldiers who have female organs
but govern themselves those people have a lot of
this drug right stuff going on I mean they wake up in the morning they fumigate themselves right the lifestyle
we call them you know you know when you say cyan you know what you're actually
saying high that person is high that's
sco scuo right it's either to be high or to cut somebody's scalp
off okay and who are they they're women some of the tribes are just completely
women completely women yeah fantastic fantastic that's
where this is coming from now let's get back to she the Priestess who sacrifices
the child give it to me give it to me she's the all eater give me the next one
she's the all eater what is she she is that dramaturge and for those of you who
are interested in the urg right that's the EG root that work
root right what is she doing she works the drama by means of what of
strange Muse accomplishments that's literally what
that says strange we've got that same word kenos right
strange who is this Priestess revealed by the Antichrist the one who brings you
the right the one who brings you the right the trick is life's trick it's got
nothing to do with lengthening your life it's got everything to do with opening
your eyes as to who you are and what is around you that's the trick it's an
Awakening it's an activation of the brain they'll get to the point that they
do pet scans oh my God this stuff activates all all these
path maybe we they have receptors for this stuff you know you don't have to sit in the laboratory pharmaceutical
companies you should be out of business because all of this stuff is a
nature and it just has to be put together it just has to be put together
did you know there are cancer cures breast cancer cures in
galin and they have to do with that burning purple as well very important
let's take them back to the purple ride very go give me the next one where were we did we get lost yeah um
yep how do you you know what I mean how do you eat your mom mom everybody I just
want you to thank for a minute imagine especially you daughters
imagine cooking and eating your
mother now I know hang on a second some of you are already like yeah well you
know but wait a minute now put yourself in the position of
these 24 women who are now tuned
into the Ultraviolence the Ultraviolence of the
mother who Slaughters everyone your mind is now there and we
have staked this dude out on the ground and your band is going to come up to him and in a military fashion you're gonna
Pummel him oh God you make weapons for yourselves you got this your classic weapon you know what your classic weapon
will be a staff with a razor sharpened metallic pine cone looking thing on the
top of it and what do you do you smash heads with it ladies have you ever
wanted to smash a head right but don't worry we're smash them and eat them
we're gonna eat them we're going to drink the blood and when you drink the blood the blood is part of the thec it's
part of the remedy it's why you have to harvest those babies did we just Harvest
babies oh we didn't harvest the babies yet oh chewy go we got to go there go to
the next one quick quick quick go to the next one um because it's coming up the baby Fest is coming up everybody we're
gonna have baby for dinner right yummy um how did you eat those people this way
give me the next question listen to these question from the interrogator now for those of you who didn't think the
drugs were involved you know how are you doing this that you're gobling down
these pharmaceutical theia yeah these photic Thea these drug
concoctions right how is it because that's what we do and the Christians are
worried about it because there are sacks of Christians who do this and Somebody's Baby is going to get
eaten right what did the devil do what did the dragon do in the book of the
apocalypse which You Now understand you're welcome what did the devil do he
went to the woman to do what to wait for her to give birth and uh and then what was he gonna
do so he could eat the kid he can eat it he could eat it that's what the text
says naughty it's so naughty to think of eating
children oh I'm so bad you're so bad Alan oh I love it you love it you know
you do eating the children now for those of
you who like the whipping we've got whipping coming up too right I'm sorry
I'm s sorry these texts are so historically dirty yes give it to me
give it to me nobody deres any pleasure from this though right it's sheerly scientific
um next though fantastic who else is talking about this Jesus is talking
about it he says look they'll pick up those snakes and they'll drink their uh death inducing drugs and it
won't hurt them
they're going to even put their hands on people who were sick did you ever get
handsy and spit in the mouth of a sick person that's what they're doing I'm going to show you in a second the
spitting in the mouth why do they keep doing that it makes them better dude it
makes them better those guys are on drugs big time you know Christ means to
be drugged right you know Jesus Christ is Jesus the drugged guy right oh my god
did nobody read the note nobody got the note um look what else happens um how
can you possibly end up slaughtering children sacrificing children just like
you would the lamb do you understand what this
sacrificing is let me show you
let me show you the sacrifice don't get nervous I know you got nervous like oh God what is he gonna okay let me show
you the sacrificing the Greeks say that
Kronos right Saturn he drank down his children he
drank them down drank them down drained them dry they're fluid and why did he do
that so he could give them back
protected invulnerable yeah you thought the whole
eating of the children thing which by the way when a mortal
sees this happening it's quite creepy yeah especially when they do the
putting them in the fire putting them in the fire you know where this you know
where this magic right went it went all the way from here from taking a child and purifying it protecting it with
magic it went all the way to the Christian side of what are they doing on the
Christian side they purify the boys with fire how do you purify a boy with
fire according to the kesis that we have um you first of all strip them naked
and you tell them don't worry it's it's okay that you're naked because Jesus was naked on the cross
[Laughter] Tada then you what do you do with them then then you oil them up and this is
after you've been having them uh retain keeping food from them right you starve them for a couple of weeks you'd be
surprised how malleable people are with drugs when they've been starved as a matter of fact you cannot enter the
Mysteries without a process of fasting it's part of the deal and you know
there's probably a ton of people Shaman in South America would say oh that's because that's how the drugs have to
work blah blah hooa and they're right they're right so um okay give me the
next one what else is she give me oh I want to put up some magic words
here are you ready atleta
you can read it backwards and forwards all you want because that's what they
do um this is a famous phrase made famous by a very religious person named
escalus escalus was a big a big respector of the altar of
justice and he writes about the woman are you ready um this is this is the
Byzantine person who's using this phrase to refer to the Oracle to refer to the
mother who eats her children the drama of the mother who eats her children
right and what is she she is the one who
bears that which is unbearable she's the one who
suffers that which is you're incapable of suffering it's so weighty that's her
okay that is why you sacrifice your children
don't pass your children through the fire says the text why because people
are passing their children through the fire as a
right it is a right meant to bestow
immortality they called it burning off your mortality and it's very painful when the
kid yells and you know it's being fumigated while all this is happening
and they're putting christing it oh my God what do you do right get your oils
ready give me the next one what happens what happens remember the Earth hides
the drama the Earth hides the drama if you came here tonight to have your eyes
open to the reality understand the quantum reality
of the earth hiding the drama and it's time to release it right it's time this
Byzantine nameless dead guy give it to me what what do we do with this whole stuff what do we do with
it we worship and serve the Priestess who
is that one who consumes the child right you have to put yourself in that
position you have to put yourself in that position she who eats all of those
other dead and those
beasts okay give it to me give it to me now we got to put it in hyperdrive are you ready are you
ready what am I doing does everybody see that there's a Bic shout this Byzantine
author has preserved for us a Bic shout you know oh
God right who is she she is this wretched
sufferer she is entirely engaged in the
contest do you know what the Muse does the Muse writes existence and that
performance that writing is portrayed as an active a very
active sport it's a contest right it's a contest let's see
who can do it best you know what love it give me the next one give me the next
one what else this you Byzantine guy um this is a dramaturge
of that very strange working of the Muse so what is happening now with the
release of aus the Mist the death Mist that is around you and will dominate you that
death Mist produces a new work of the Muse and that is what the
Antichrist is here to do did we see the Antichrist passage again it's coming up
it's coming up where did he where did he go where did he
go where does media where what does media not
do he's very specific their Byzantine author is very specific he she doesn't
sacrifice the child The Offspring to her
stomach that's not what you're doing when you consume the child it is an act
that is not meant for yourself it is an act that is meant for
your Offspring the Earth the prime
Oracle gives us what she gives us for the
sake of all of us not for herself isn't that gorgeous so the original Savior and
that's what he's going to do he's gonna have us confess for salvation right this because they're in a tri it's not a
trial anymore it's a woman who's eating her children who's talking to um talking to a
Confessor yeah um I forget there's a title for him it's in the first couple of lines um something DK it's got dek on
the end of it justice Minister of Justice like anyway um let's go to the Bible because is this whole child eating
thing and sacrificing thing in the Bible of course it is because the Bible is written in the thir Century right and
it's reflecting things that are going on around it so watch this faking of History what you're about to
see is part of the biggest lie of History what is the biggest lie of history that the Bible was written like
8th Century 7th Century no it wasn't it was written in the 3 Century right and
so what is going on in the thir Century it's influencing the Bible watch the story gets who is this this is from the
Book of Judges this is chapter 11 this is yea
and what does yea do he sacrifices his daughter
his child are you ready to watch him sacrifice his child why would this judge
of Israel in this fake history because right when about the period that he's writing about none of this stuff
actually happened there's no archaeology for it right and it's obviously a
fake right it's a fake watch watch how they they follow um he sacrifices his
daughter why does he do that why does he do that watch this here's the passage message um who is he after all who is
this judge this judge who is he this judge of Israel is the son of a
prostitute and it turns out um her son
was from a dude who you know he was well off had a lot of things and he had kids
from his wife and his wife and his kids got together they're like you got to get out of here you're the son of a
hooker you got to get out of here okay now who is this dude look at the next
verse 29 at the top what does he do and yeth did what he gets the spirit of Kuru
he does what he enters into that spirit that PMA where the prophets enter into
and he makes a deal with Yahoo he makes a direct deal with him if you let me
kill the army of Ammon because that's who they were fighting at the time in the story right
why would they be fighting that by the way for the for the Jewish people out there I want to liberate you tonight
that stuff was invented in the 3 Century your actual history is way more interesting and you come through Creed
did you know that you come through crate yeah yeah it's fantastic it's
fantasttic they knew that in Antiquity right why didn't we just read their Works try to figure it out because the
monism that is the modern religion of Judaism is no different from
Christianity Islam or what they came up with when they woried aten under
aanan who did they stop worshiping when they came up with the monism they
stopped worshiping the ogdoad the eight what what is huh the
eight was led by Ammon and they are the basic rulers of the
cosmos it's a physics that's no different from the physics of the practics it's no freaking different the
mechanics are all the same and what did the what did the monists do they said we
no we're gonna have one God and everybody else is dead that's all there is to it it's dead right and we're going
to make up history about this one God right it's the same
thing they all do the same thing aanan group did it right 1300 years before
this right or a thousand years before the Bible was written aanat was doing the same thing he was a king a pharaoh
who was coming up with a new system that was a monism that could exclude all of his enemies right that's that's never
going to work it's tyrannical right polytheism is inherently
democratic monism is inherently tyrannical why do you think they're all talking oh Lord
we're your slaves blah blah who didn't you recognize the Tyranny remember what the Oracle said
straight from the devil man I I'm telling you you'll find no help in your
wealth for what you're about to endure you find nothing for it why your greed
man your greed has ruined everything it's ruined everything give me the next one there always like that what happens
with this guy um he he swears an oath he swears an oath with Yahoo and he says
look if you give me so that I conquer this Army of Almon what I'm gonna do is
I'm going to uh sacrifice to you the first dude I see when I get back to my
home wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute this is a leader of Israel this
is a leader of Israel who's talking about out a war that ultimately is a
genocide and what is he doing and why is it a genocide because monism promotes genocide okay you look at the
history look at the history what happens when you're trying
to squash that one ethnic group if this God gives me the victory the first dude
that walks out of my house I'm gonna burn them alive in your honor okay do you see do
you see what's going on oh my goodness it's rather sickening so what happens he
gets he gets to his home this says transl you know yea came into Mah his
home place of his home and look look let me tell you what happened his daughter his daughter came out to meet him right
out of the house and what does she come out with watch this people you thought you knew the Bible you do not what does
she come out with it says inano that's with their drums and what else
horo with a chorus yeah she comes out with a chorus
why she is a worshipper of Bonas she's a worshipper of Bas watch what happens to
her so she comes out with her chorus right and it says the text says she is
his mono guines she is his only born do
you know what the only born daughter does she Bears the grief the
unbearable grief and what happens what happens it says she he got he's got no
other kids that's it she's the monog guines right and what happens to her so
she says okay let it be right she's fine with it you know you made a vow you prayed
your prayer we're bound it's part of our tradition and so what does she say just
give me two months I'm transl allow me the time span of two months so that I can go around on the mountains and I can
mourn my virginity and she says let me go and let all my
companions that is the the who's with her who's with her the daughter of the
judge has with her a band of Meads she says let us go up into the
mountain and our chorus and let us mourn my
virginity then she comes back she comes back when it's time when she's had her
two month period she comes back and she says here I am and so he burns her alive he burns
her alive now what is the text say you can keep that image up what does the
text say that the daughter of Israel do it says this is why the daughters of
Israel perform this ritual
morning this is why they perform this Festival this is why they go up in their bucket groups I just told you to the
Jewish audience out there not only are you originally Craton right
but um you're participating in bonic orgies
bakic orgies yeah your religion is originally
bakic and I'm not the only one who says that Plutarch says that straight up
Judaism is taken from the worship of bacus and then he starts to Rattle off a
whole bunch of for this reason this re he goes through all the symbols and whatnot and all the Priestly stuff
that's going on um so cool cool that's your real Heritage you were not
monists and by the way that's how it works for the um Arab Community as
well yeah no you guys were worshiping bakas and Aphrodite long time before you
the the concept of a monus Divinity ever came about remember it was only after
that monest Divinity came about who was a dude that you guys got the 70 virgins you didn't have 70 virgins before that
right that don't you think that that's not in the makeup right just listen to yourself listen to your inner reasoning
on that one right think about that for a minute I thought we were supposed to
throw the acid up no no no right no logic that is your Pagan root isn't that
interesting what we've done tonight isn't that interesting somebody comment on this we just said the Jewish
people and a particular group group of Muslims were originally from the same
religions wouldn't that shock you wouldn't that shock you to know that they were originally
polytheists right oh my God oh my God
it's only when the monism comes to the surface that all of a sudden people got to be put in cages and you can't do this
or that and by the way porn is going to be illegal again right do you know how
hard it was for my generation in the 70s and early 80s to access that do you know
how hard it was because the pressure exerted by the monis was so strong they
had every aspect of your life wrapped up you couldn't even see it nudity oh my
God we had to worry about looking at ancient statues can I show these pictures to my students can I show that
was a problem right we're going back guess what we're going back there and by
the way you Brits by by the way bring in the Smacker by the way you Brits which
the British class is wonderful it's wonderful love it um fantastic good but
you Brits you gotta know you gotta know this stuff is going on right and you're
perpetuating it there's a lot of the what's wrong man did did you not
listen to your classicists did you not listen to the historians of the language
of mother Greek oh God where's everybody that wears the funny hats and stuff
that's what we need we need those people back where the funny hat wears give me the next one um it turns out Jews and
Arabs they're from the same from the same religion parent religion it was by the way you guys were way nicer to each
other when you worship gods of sex and ecstasy I'm just saying I'm just saying
you're kind of on the extreme now you know what I mean kind of getting misogynist you know what I mean kind of
going that direction historically um that tends to happen historically watch the misogyny and the
culture be a reaction by Ultra and it's why you've
got the the violence right it's why you've got the violence something's out of balance you were sitting there on
your Island and you were saying ah not us not us I told you England not to sleep
with America I told you you're gonna have to get a prescription now right oh
god let's go to the next one I love saying things that are totally just off the um look what I what do I want you to
do satanic congregation I want you to bring me everything I want you to spit
out everything that leads us to Salvation and that's where where we need
to go um I want you to confess what do I want you to do I want you to betray a secret or a mystery see
how I'm I'm I'm not reading this in there this is in the Greek I want you to
confess what is going on in the mystery I want to know why we're eating
children did those children ever arrive where is that where where is that uh
delivery guy that's the last time I'm using that service um what are we looking for
people he hasn't got here with the kids yet do you understand um watch this people look at the second word EOD
remember the EOS is that arrow poison what are we talking about we're talking about eotic
flesh sarus eotic flesh what is that flesh
full of it's full Men full of what pharmacon
far it's full of the drugs it's full of the drugs do you know
what you need in the mystery communion you need eotic flesh is that why they call the Virgin half virgin half Viper
yes because of her eotic flesh remember I told you if you'd been
in the mystery you would have understood this already right you would have seen it take place it would have fried your
mind your eyes would have been open and you'd be walking around saying now you know the best thing I ever did best
thing I ever did was go to that mystery initiation best thing ever and you the
other person would be like well tell me about you really can't right it's a thing you got to go through it they got
to train you right this is going to be a work of the Muse that is
completely Athlon athletically driven completely athletically
driven okay okay this is no The Muse doesn't mess around this has got to be
done right give me the next one give me the next one um that was the last one yeah so oh by the way this eonic flesh
what do you do with it you eat it right what is what do you do with flesh you eat it so you quote unquote eat the
Flesh and drink the blood and his question is here we're asking the we're
asking the woman who's been eating her children um what how can you do this and not
die how can you eat this flesh and not die remember what Jesus said I'll give
you that death inducer and it won't kill you you're remember what happened in
Eden their eyes were opened all right that's where you're
gonna go into death and back and when you've been into death and back you can
tell all your friends oh don't worry it's for this reason and this reason right or you can tell your friends holy
[__] you know what I saw oh you've got to stop this or that right you can't we've gota we've got to change things
that's the right that they're performing boom and what do we say what do we ask
this one how did you do it did you have any assistants who knew the EOS look at the second to last word Eon did you have
any assistants who knew the poison and let me tell you what she says you want you know why I can tell you what she
says because I'm going to translate this now is a good time to reveal the drama
now's a good time to reveal a drama are you ready look I'm using the Greek to speak for me it's like automatic writing
or something I love it why are we doing this in order that you may
escape the three OS in the day of judgment what do I need
to escape three umos what is that it's a hym to a to who
bacas why do I need to escape that because if you hear that you're G to die if you hear that it means they're
coming for you orus and they're going to take your head
off okay this is what you need some sort of Pardon from this day of judgment you
mean it's talking about the day of judgment that's a pagan thing yeah it is a pagan thing most definitely and um
what is she daring to do so she says look um you got to do this stuff you got to have some kind of anthropo
tonus anthrop oous excuse me in English it would be anthropus you've got to some
have some kind of assistants who know about killing people right you have to
if you're going to eat your own child you gotta have to know how to kill them
okay do you understand we're taking these children we're subjecting them to
rights that that have chemicals involved and we're putting them into
death to bring them back why would you do that to bring them back
Immortal because once you've been across you bring back with you the
memory who's the mother of the Muse the memory of what is reality
you are covered by a fog a fog of confusion and the only way
for you to come to an understanding of your true reality is through this
right if it's good enough for cisero you know what I mean if it's good enough for
Cicero maybe it's good enough for me give me the next one give me the next one who are the Servants of this great
Priestess okay I've shown you I've shown you a goddess tonight that you didn't realize she is an Amazonian
goddess I've shown her to you you're on Lesbos where they founded colleges for
women for women why didn't they teach men because men are
stupid men are stupid didn't you realize that okay imagine a
world where the bias is
against men because of their lack of intelligence they're not biased because
of their phys physique and by the way anybody who's watched the Olympics holy
mackerel where was that weightlifter from where was she from De you it Italy
I think it was Italy was it Italy yeah oh my
God I I watched her lift and I thought this is this is what it's supposed to be
this is like the potential is that why the Olympics are so fun because they show you the potential right because you
know you and I'd be laying on the sidewalk huffing and puffing we can't go there we can't go there right why
because we stopped we stopped worshiping the gods right it's okay though because you
lost the formula you lost the recipe without the recipe there is no Priestess
it's got to work through her and that's it it's why it's why what's his name
that rich guy who's the rich guy Mr brain imp plant what's his
name oh Elon it's why Elon never finds historically that Fountain they never
find that Fountain it turns out you can't have it you can't buy it you can't create it you
can't recreate it it's got to come through the Muse it's got to be
organic completely organic it's an organic process that is a the formation
of what they call a new or strange work of the Muse and this Muse is the dark
Muse who devours the children give me the next one I thought Christianity was
nice no no people give me the next one um who are the helpers of this goddess
who are they they're all around you are you ready her helpers are those she says
that cannot be born they cannot be endured because of their force and that
word for Force there is the same word for force that is used
in that word that we can't say in
violent sexual encounters yeah
yeah it's the same word those diones remember I told you what the magic is
the magic is controlling those Dion guess what who makes a person
insane who makes a person insane who makes a person hear things who makes a
person afraid and paranoid a Dione that word Dion is just
a capacity a power and who controls those
diones those whose eyes have been
opened isn't it gorgeous you mean I can from a distance I
can this is starting to affect me I bet I bet we could find Henry Caville I bet
if there's a way to find Henry Caville it'll be through dreams it'll be through
dreams it'll will stand over his head will stand over him while he sleeps and you
can do what it's in the text here I'm just telling you jwy what's in the text give me the next one what happens oh God
we're in the middle of this cult how do we how do we get out of this cult um look you're with
her the prime Oracle and where is she she is
confined in a place why is she confined somewhere because she has fled she has
fled her blood loving
enemy she has fled from those who have
the blood lust do you want the blood of Christ I hear a lot of Christians
talking about that I hear a lot of evangelicals I know the power of the blood of Christ I know that you can say
the power of the blood of Christ and you can Bond
demons let's do that let's do that give me the next one
where is she she's confined in AAS why is she confined in the
void why is she confined do you remember the woman who is in Revelation do you
remember where she is she has a place in the void that is OPP
she has a place
okay we're with the child we're entering the child into
death we're bringing the child back to life we must do this from the
void okay we must do it from the void it's 24 24 women right give me the next
one give me the next one oh and there's whips involved what are whips for they're for that Divine Justice baby
they're for that Divine Justice if you don't have the whips if you don't have the whips
ladies how are you going to bring the Divine Justice how are you going to bring it
now for those of you with ears to hear who go to that witch's
banquet right where the food is not very good but the company's great right for
those of you who go there where are your whips where is the
insanity are you really going to give in really give me the next one I love it I
love getting it up getting them ready getting the band ready what are we gonna do here people I'm gonna show you a
miracle you you know what you know what uh can we just see her
set someone on fire can we just see it please here's a
text for us it talks about she of the golden hair right she's got this crown
on right and this very famous peplos that is just full of
poison and she bursts into flames but when she bursts out of flame into flames
this miraculous thing happens it's wonderful shooting off of her
accents are these lava flows these flaming all
consuming fires somehow the Meda is able to
control that flame they call it the seed of fire the seed of fire the seed of
fire remember something about the devil her seed and your
seed there is a way and I'm offering this to the congregation tonight there
is a way out do you know what that way out is it's the AIL
Aros way it's that life it's the life without
the love of the silver do you have the love of the silver in you is that a virus that is in
you do you know that you demand the mother to eat her own child do you know
you do that and why do you do that because you have that love and it
has to be purged it has to be purged every day in every way the love has to
be purged it's the way out now here you go
chewy we've got somebody bring in Henry Cavo which by the way if anybody knows
out there Henry keville um please you know please let him
know um that there is a star that has
descended from the uranos and that star burns with a heat
that was shot from his eyes let him know that let him
know that please please before something happens right something yeah anyway let's go to the
next chewy does that qualify you're not gonna okay accellent you see what I do
people I I work for chewy they don't people don't realize that um what am I gonna do okay are you ready what are we
going to do with our Pella what are we going to do with our girl who is
entering This World of Magic and manipulating the things that she herself
has seen due to her eyes being opened right remember when your eyes are open
you end up naked you end up naked what are we going to do in these Christian
sects we're going to bring out the girls so that they can be opened whether
they're sister sisters or daughters or mothers
okay friction do you see the friction that's caused
historically we're talking about rights that are chemical and sexual part of a
culture Christianity reacted to itself when it
cut this off of its own body because Christians followed the Mysteries and
that is what this text is saying the reason it's Enlighten is the dude doesn't want you to understand what it's actually saying it's a way to hide it
it's a way to hide it and you know what he says here he says here that's okay I'm tiny he says here at the time that
we all celebrate the passion of the Lord you know they bring the girls into
this specially designated area oh God he starts you know this is going to be terrible to talk about right and any
sort of light is going to shine on this act they get rid of that light right this is all done in the darkness all
done in the darkness and what do they have they have a flti test you know
there's a real ftium going on what they're doing is they're
allowing those people to express that
desire do you know how to keep people from becoming the RW that none of us can say
with an IST on the end of it a banana IST right you know how to keep people
from becoming that train them train them sexually
train them chemically you know it's not just the lce it's not just the icient traders in
the purple who were also trading sexual slaves it's like Jesus it's not those
people alone who understand the use of drugs in the sex
trade they weren't the only ones who understood it right today look at what's going on today people understand that
today the use of drugs to mold and shape and groom a person is a
reality what they are doing in Antiquity in all sorts of places all over the
Mediterranean is they are using drugs and sex to shape people they will burn off
your mortality they will open your eyes and when you have seen what is floating
around you perhaps you'll figure out a way to use it yeah because you'll be awake
otherwise be asleep like everybody else I don't care I don't care right who cares the
invisibility around you who cares the oracular the prophetic who cares right
as long as we get the history do we care do we have an obligation to these
texts give it to me I want to scare people I've got text will scare people are you ready on the expiry of 9 months
when the unnatural progyny of an unnatural seed is about being born they meet again at the same place and on
the third day after parition tearing The Wretched infants from their mothers and
scarifying their tender flesh with knives they catch in basins the dripping
blood and casting the infants still breathing on the pile consumed
them still breathing you're a mother and you're watching you're still
breathing infant child be bled and burned now the question
is the burning doesn't kill so what's going on what kind of burning is
this they catch in basins the dripping blood and casting the infants still breathing on the pile consume them
afterwards mingling their ashes their ashes
what are these ashes because actual ashes don't do
Jack right what kind of ashes are these mingling their ashes remember the mother
as she saw this being done to demophon she's like stop stop now you know why
she was saying that some horrific stuff is happening in this little
right right and it's got to be done by the mother who's willing to kill her child afterwards mingling their ashes
they make a sort of horrible compound with which secretly defiling their food
liquid and solid like those who mix up poison with Meade you know those people
what is that a Bill Cosby reference right right seriously what is that
sudden reference to like you know those people who put poison in your
drink um not only they themselves partake of these Vines but others also who are not privy to their secret
proceedings you know what's fun it's fun to drug your neighbor's me you know what
you can do you can drug your neighbor's me and then you can do things with your neighbor wouldn't normally uh take place
you can bring out that inner I don't know Monster you can bring out that inner
monster Imagine ladies imagine killing and cons consuming that
one dude killing and consuming him you know he deserved it now imagine doing it when
your cycle is tuned to that
violence when you're brought you are an instrument of
Justice when you are tuned to the violence imagine there's a capacity did
men have this capacity no no the only men that are involved are the seers and
The Poets the seers and The Poets they are not part of the
Meads why why can a woman only get to that place I don't know maybe it's because I'm a man that I'm asking that
question maybe some women I know there's some women somewhere I can see them they're sitting there and they're
like this guy this guy names the
obvious right I know you're out there give me the next one give me the next one and then we have to get to some
grammar stuff like that we're almost done people we're almost done I want you to listen to this th again this is
coming from Byzantine Greek government named Mich CIS they are persuaded that
by this means the Divine symbols inscribed in our souls are Thrust out and expunged do you know what you do
with rights with magical rights you take the symbols that that are inscribed in
your soul thanks to your culture and you get rid of their
influence this what th is telling you give me the next one do you see why
they call them purifications purifications do you want to be purified of the fog of
monism yeah here you go give it to them open your eyes open your eyes my son my
child I want to give you the prophecy again my son on my child do you imagine that they will ever again restore literature or anything excellent the
time is at hand when men will live worse than wild beasts for now Antichrist is
at hand even at the doors an evil precursors in the shape of monstrous
doctrines and unlawful practices is you know what you could call Lady Babylon
you could just give it that title monstrous doctrines and unlawful practices all the blasphemy you can
swallow here it is this has to take
place what kind of things monstrous practices are revealed for the
Antichrist to come it's the orgies of bakus do you know why because the origin
of Christianity and Judaism and Islam are all bakic
orgies this is what our ancestors were
doing and whatever things have been represented by the Greeks and their tragedies as
Saturn notice Saturn thyestes and tanelus devouring The Offspring edus de
watching his mother oh she was so pretty she was so pretty did it really matter
right he was he was raised outside the house anywhere right he's raised with somebody else right and she was young
when she was married and when he came and killed daddy right he didn't know it was
Daddy right but then he fell in love with her
yasta right look is it just me or is that another cult name you're right it
is love your mother baby love your mother what's so wrong with that that's
what she told him what's so wrong with this even if it is that way who cares we
love each other right your mother your
mother give it to me give it to me all that stuff is coming on our state
right but my good friend they are not incorporeal the demon tribe have a body
and are conversant with corporeal beings which one may learn even from the holy
fathers of our religion if one only addict himself notice it's just himself
hardly to magical practices right where are you as a
Christian if you want to know if you want to know the control of those demons
and I know there are Christians today who talk about controlling demons and
what they say is absolute evidence of their complete and total ignorance
it's funny how bad they are do you know what they deserve they deserve a magical
spanking they deserve a magical spanking everybody concentrate concentrate love it love it
it's always you know how you can get there first one who gets there is the incubus the incubus always gets there
the fastest you know you can Infiltrate The Mind of a person yeah you can um you just have to
have the right demons to do it it's just the physics of the universe physics of the cosmos I'm not I'm not giving you
anything but what they gave us and said to us I'm not creating a a system here
this is their system they're operating physically with drugs sex they're doing
these rights they're christing each other if I see one more christing where was that christing I we you to see
somebody spit give me the next one is there a christing look oh no look the demons they have they have seed too they
have seed too and you know thank worms okay just it's thank worms thank worms
in your sleep if you see the worms you'll know somebody has left their seed
okay try to try to okay um yeah demonical some dude look uh
laboring under a laconic necessity somebody conf confess the truth for he said that he had come to the knowledge
of demonical practices through a certain Vagabond African who bringing him by
night to a mountain isn't it funny they always have the same setup Jesus is with
Mary and the kids he's like well let's go out to a private place right so here
he goes up to his mountain and what does he do he causes him to partake of a certain herb right then he spits into
his mouth and anoints his eyes with a certain unle look how many drugs are involved enabled him to see a host of
demons you know what happens when this dude does this to you you can see him
you can see him from among which he perceived a sword of Raven fly towards
him and down his throat into his stomach and all the shaman in South America
Central and South America are like yeah that's how it works right it's nothing
new it's not new technology people she and her find it now we're going to switch really quick to somebody who is
in that space of of consuming their child she in her confinement was very
ill and raved okay she's been through it right she's been through it the purple has been involved she's been through it um
and she's what is she doing she's tearing her bed ground bed gown she's muttering a sort of barbarous tongue
it's what they always do right Jesus on the cross is all oh sabach th he starts
yelling out magical Gods they're always doing that in a low murmuring tone tone
nor could the bystanders comprehend what she said but we're in a state of perplexity not knowing what to do she's
in there she's in that zone and what happens give me the next one oh
God boom and he said some dude says I
apprise the present company the fact okay um she's just one of ours okay
she's is one of ours and I want you to know that what's coming is somebody will
be sent against us by whom the mysteries of our worship will be persecuted and
the mysteries of our service abolished right so people keep it
secret for you to access the reality that's around you for you to have your
eyes open opened people keep that a secret because other people are always
trying to shut it down and Jesus knows this it's why he's
saying you know he's got 12 boys right it's why he's saying they're gonna catch
me they're GNA catch me and they're going to crucify me right why did he say they're going to
crucify him because that's what they do to people like him right he was crucified between two other people just
like like him this is how it works and what's going to happen here
somebody's going to come and they're they're gonna drive us out of town right they're gonna catch us they're gonna
scandalize us I don't know how many times Jesus Christ said um uh don't talk
about this you're gonna scandalize me and nobody turned around and looked like what's up with the Son of God dude he's
like hiding something right of course he is because he's a Son of God and the most guys use
drugs on children remember didn't you see The Last Supper
isn't it funny you thought the last supper was this great event this great historically
Jesus we have the painters were bringing us the Renaissance paintings it's what
you didn't realize it was a creepy cult right involving drugging children and
sexually abusing them you didn't realize that that that is your holy
Feast right it's why Moses only saw Yahoo's
anus give me the next one give me the next one people don't like it they don't like it um look at this people just for
for proof to throw in your face look at this word Tres it's from trogo right
what does it mean somebody who gnaws right somebody who gnaws chew
right and you get the idea of greedy from it yeah you got to chew you got to eat you got to consume it's like
consumer what are the what does that say on the first line Phoenician traffickers Phoenician traffickers what
do you think those phenicians are trafficking in besides the purple that's why we call them purple
people what do you think they're trafficking in kids for what
food food for your desire now welcome to
christing you didn't know Jesus Christ was a drugged out creep did you now you
do now you do and your eyes can't be shut your eyes can't be shut um I want
to bring you couple last references this one is to a work by Lucian and Lucian is
write write wrote something called the dialogues of the prostitutes and this is one of those
dialog it's a dialogue between two prostitutes and they're talking about
clients right and gluca whose name means sweetie right sweetie says hey um you
know the woman you're T the girl you're talking about her mother is one of these
golden mistresses who understand the
thesan songs right the song from thessy remember this is where all The
Witches come from where all the drug knowledge comes from this is where the palasan roots are these are the people
who originally settled down from a horse culture to a culture that's producing um
um incredible pharmacological advances they're all coming from here she says
don't you know this girl's mother is one of those people and she knows those songs she knows how to draw down
selini have you ever seen seleni drawn down when your eyes are opened you'll
understand the process of drawing down Selen you mean I can see things that you
can't see around you yes you mean I can cause things to be around you that you
can't see yes okay do you see why we have to be
quiet about this we have to be quiet because if everybody knew about this we'd never be able to operate
right love it oh what is what is there anything else that Happ oh what else can she do all right now you explain this to
me by night during night in the darkness she is able to
fly she's able to fly and what else this
woman causes people to go
crazy causes them to want to drink her
drugs these are the people who are a part of the mystery that must be
revealed for the Antichrist to be present if you want to understand the
Antichrist you have to understand the mystery the mystery has to be revealed
and you're sitting there saying but wait a minute Aman this has nothing to do with modern Christianity no it doesn't
right what you have left is a faith a Doctrine right same thing as Judaism
same thing as Islam you have a Doctrine you have a list to follow right
notice polytheist societies don't produce faiths for people to follow
they're inherently flexible so that your opinion you can follow different gods
all you want right what do you f h big Justice in here what is it love that one
that one's a big devote of love you know what I'm talking about right those people right okay cool give me that one
um and what else remember Achilles remember Achilles who does
Achilles end up with in the Underworld he ends up with the medwa there's a reason for that what
does it say here here he was placed with the virgin girls what kind of virgin
girls was he placed with you see that word
halesi they're the what kind of workers what kind of
workers they are the purple dyes they are the purple dyes do you
know what those priestesses did they protected and shielded
Achilles do you know why Achilles went to Troy because he was drawn by the face
of media whom he called
Helen isn't that something it's gorgeous okay so um did
we get to eat our children tonight did we get to find the reason to
eat our children tonight are we going to follow the first Oracle which is Earth
which is called Earth are we going to find she who writes existence she who
brings the new and strange work are we going to follow her only if
our eyes are open fantastic it's been a
lovely group of people tonight that we've had to deal with and put together together into a picture for you of the
mystery but like always that's our job is to bring it to you is to bring it to
you now I guarantee you can take that stuff to the scholars they haven't worked with the dude from the dude who's
who's writing about the woman eating her child I guarantee you it's not a popular stuff you know the Byzantine the classes
don't mess with the Byzantine stuff why I think it's I don't know I don't know
it's a real weakness in classical Phil they don't extend all the way up to guys
like Michael CIS who are bringing us the girls with the purple isn't that
gorgeous isn't that gorgeous what a right remember that thr we ran into that turned that kid into a golden New
Creation by putting him to sleep and cutting off his testicles you know why he did that that was for the kingdom of
heaven and that's what they made with each other and you know how they got there praying to y Sabbath praying to
yaho Sabbath that's how you get there my God we didn't even know our own
history it's exciting right it makes the history of actual Judaism makes it
interesting right to see what the what the origins of everything were it's
absolutely gorgeous and of course this world cannot bear it and many people have been emailing me and say look um
this is going to get I even had somebody offer private security right because
this knowledge will crack open real
reality around you this mystery operation will
blow completely blow up the past that you thought was there that isn't and
it'll it'll show us something more beautiful it always does the actual history is way more beautiful okay I'm
going to call the drill Serge out now for uh uh for almond U's Greek class
intensive Greek via Alman U and so what I want you to do is I want you to watch
the exit and then um we'll go through a few things textbook wise look at some
exercises maybe roll around maybe you know take off some clothing and roll
around and some Greek that's what we'll do a big a big pit of feathery lovely Greek I
love it we're going to go there uh Chey hit the I'll be back don't run away go ahead Gates
ofon Dragon Lady of the Lake snake venom dream section Mal purple ion House of
Frankenstein Violet rain Rhymes Meda hold the flame AA in the sky diamond
sharp on the magic cup I fly The Man Who Laughs wear a mask a away th make these
[__] jump posy out on Broadway Dr
Doom B go you get the
place get better wish you would
rush you get the place Bic get medic wish
you jeers creeper
[Music]
my okay we were halfway through unit three last time we had we had taken the
dive into units two and three which is all about verbs and from there we're going to get to the the unit the unit
one through three exam and people will be able to take that exam it's in your book and by the way if you haven't
gotten the book yet they are still on back order um there is a copy that you
can use a digital copy until you get your hard copy uh at the Discord that is
posted for us or will be posted for us and by the way people are going to the
Discord to supplement what they're getting on you and that is smart that is
a good move uh keep it up the ta's there will take great care of you and we help
you along in this process they've all been through it same thing they've been through the same course so their
understanding of your of your pain and your suffering and your and your ecstasy all of those together love it okay um by
the way I need students who W still want to enter I've got two classes for
Americans and Canadians North Americans essentially and one class for Brits and
any other Europeans that we pick up we still need two or three if you're out
there and you're European and you're thinking I got a little taste for the Greek um we need you in that class uh
now's your opportunity and finally we've got an an a class for Aussies that will cater to the proper
time so um everybody can go to work and uh do their classwork after their work
is done and they're sitting at home doing nothing um so that class hasn't
formed yet I need Aussies who are interested I've only got a couple of names and I know I got way more in the
applications if you are interested and you are an Aussie please send me an
email that's to alen Hillman gmail.com and please put in the title Aussie class
okay this is um you're be uh Epsilon you'll be class Epsilon so we've got an
alpha beta Gamma Delta and our Delta reading group is going to be a hell of a lot of fun it's gonna because we're
gonna reach into the ass and pull out as much as we can that's lucian's ass that
we're gonna be that we're gonna don't that's lucian's ass that we're going to
be just we're just gonna expose it just completely expose it for every every
little bit of good that's in there you know what I mean and it's got a lot of goodie lucian's ass is is is chopped
full of goodie um fantastic let's go I want to take you to another did we I
hope these are yeah here's some exercises here's some exercises I know I told you any order is fine but here's
what I really want to show you first I want to show you um the optative and the
subjunctive moods the optative and subjunctive moods are used in specific
types of constructions like conditional sentences if then types of sentences um
or purpose Clauses in order that we went to the grocery store in order to buy
food that in order is what you call a part of a dependent clause the main verb
is I go to the store the the dependent
verb is to in order to buy food right in order to buy that food so um this is
what you use this is um this is why you use optiv and subjunctives is because
you're not in the world of simple declarations simple either somebody's doing something or being that's the
indicative what we have now for verbs is you can attach a different ending to that stem and you can come up with a
subjunctive or an optative let's start with the optative this is a an optative and the endings are o o
o o pretty straightforward if you get oi you're in the optative in the present
optative oi notice this the same similar endings it's just um vowels are changing
here well what about the arist Optive you've got two tenses of the optative and the subjunctive that I want you to
learn you're going to learn the present which is here's the present optative and then you're going to learn the aist
Optive and why is that because when you're using the Optive and subjunctive you
need to pay attention to aspect aspect is everything remember the
verb has an aspect to it it's got a tense and it's
got an aspect it's got a time that it reflects whether it's the
present the future or the past right and it's also got an aspect how do you do
what is the aspect of the verb just by way of reminding you that is whether an
action is being done continuously whether it's a simple action or whether it's an action that's
already completed that's the perfect aspect I have gone to the store right
now in the present I am in a state of having gone to the store it's already completed I already went there it's over
so aspect is important and with the opt and the subjunctive you reflect aspect
through the present and the aist and that aist is that single action that
simple event they call it whereas the present is a
continuous Progressive event right love it can be something
that's habitual something you always do oh you always do that I know because it
works okay now what about the the arist did I put the aist optative in there let me show you the aist optative it's an oi
yeah give me that one maybe that one there's the arist stative it's an oi in
the present what is it in the arist it's an I look at how the vowel changes remember I told you the vowels are just
tuning the words right here it's happening again
we're going into the arist and arist is heavy on the alpha we saw that with our
regular third principal part that arist we saw its ending
a heavy on the alpha well it's the same thing with the optative only we got to
include the Yoda too so the oi becomes I I me ice I I an I toon and those the
standard endings and there's three look at the second person singular third person singular and third person plural
see the AOS a and Aon those are all turn it you know those are those are endings
that you may also see that happen to be it's just a different ending um look
what happened we're playing with the vowels look how it's ice becomes AOS AOS what are we doing we're really
playing with the vowels right I becomes a right okay fine fine fine fine fine I
becomes Aon all right all right that's the aist Optive now there was one more I
want to give you the subjunctives and the subjunctives are on one chart it's probably there probably
there the subjunctive you're GNA have a present subjunctive again and an era
subjunctive that present subjunctive is going to be based on the first principal
part that era subjunctive is going to be based on the third principle part and
what are their endings o AC a omen a to O now you're lucky what is this going on
in front of you it's just the same endings remember the present indicative endings O A om
USI these are the same endings only the vowels have been
lengthened so we get Omega for the first person singular lengthened vow it's the
second person singular Ace a Yoda Sigma Ada Yoda Sigma make sure you see the
Iota subscript Ada eota Sigma instead of Epsilon eota Sigma it's Ada eota Sigma
so I tell all my students the real Mark of the subjunctive is that lengthened
vowel that you're going to see in the ending o a omen a to O look at how amen
a with an Omron changes to Omen with an Omega in the subjunctive that
lengthening of the vowel for some reason in their minds with that shorter form of
the vowel you're doing things concretely with a lengthened vow you're
getting into imaginary world because none of this stuff in the subjunctive is
real right it's not a simple declaration it's a possibility it's a potentiality
let's go to the store is not we go to the store right let's go to the store
right now you're outside of the indicative mood so that's what's going on you lengthen those vowels and all of
a sudden you're in la la land you're in the world of possibilities conditionals oh if we had
done something we would have been happy right some kind of conditional it's a
fake World perfect okay um give me now these sentences I want to run over some
sentences look that is the grammar all the grammar from first second and third
units and I want to give you the first couple first couple of exercises and I
just want to go through them like I would go through them with you if I were tutoring you personally I would first I
would have you read it in
greekos
hon okay okay I would have you read it just like that so be practicing so that you can read out the Greek and then I
would say okay give me a translation give me a translation the people will
sacrifice to the Gods on the roads in order that they may stop the war Okay
now what's going on with that sentence the first verb the verb of the main Clause is thus it's a third person
singular future active indicative it's future
future right where's the subject hos the people hos thus the people will
sacrifice then you get this date of to Theo who are they going to sacrifice to to the gods and where are they going to
sacrifice you get a prepositional phrase intio on the roads
on the roads right they got little shrines little shrines to Mercury and he's got a phus sitting there telling
you which direction to go right let's make an offering here I say we burn some
down definitely um and what happens um you get a result Clause at the end of
this henna henna as you read right because you're reading these these units
H is with is indicates a Purp purpose Clause purpose clause in order that in
order that what in order that they may stop Palin the war that's a subjunctive
look at that Palin that's a subjunctive what kind of subjunctive is that if you
know the principal parts the first principal part is poo so the root is po
does that what we have here no we have P plus the ending o in the sub ining osen
third person plural so what is the pal oh that's the third principal part of pow po
paloa that is an arist right it's an arist root doesn't have an augment on it
none of the subjunctives in the arist will have the augments right why because they're
subjunctive bro that's the way it is okay Palos sin Palos you only give
augments to indicative modes come on man um Palos sin right Palos sin in order
that they may stop now um let's get a little bit nerdy and
say what kind of verb is your is your main verb thus we said it's a present
present tense right third person singular present active indicative what
kind of verb is it because it's the present tense it's a primary
verb your present your future and your perfect are all primary verbs you're
imperfect your arist and your PL perfect are all secondary verbs you'll notice
the secondary verbs all have Epsilon augments now why am I telling you that
because these are two families primary and secondary and when you have a verb
in your main Clause that is primary tense your purpose Clause following it
must have a subjunctive when you have a prime when you have a verb in the main Clause that
is a secondary verb an imperfect an arist or a PL
perfect your verb in your dependent purpose Clause must be
optative that's to be in the optative mood so you use subjunctives with present future or
perfect and you use optative following imperfect arist and pl perfect
primary and secondary verbs they call that establishing primary sequence and
secondary sequence why because classical philologists are nerds right and they have to have some kind of offic language
that pushes their science along okay so that is the first sentence if you're
going to analyze that sentence I want you to see you've got a main clause and you've got a purpose Clause that is a
dependent clause following it it depends upon what came before it it hangs on
what came before it right okay good Fantastic look at number two we've put
our purpose Clause up front hos ton poon
P right you see that Hos Hos and hna work the same way in a purpose Clause
they just both mean in order in order to or in order that right so we've put our
purpose Clause up front in order that where's our where's our main Clause
hos T the th what's our main verb th
it's a present active indicative third person singular he sheer it sacrifices
where's our subject hodos that's in the nominative it's got to be the subject the people sacrifice Ty Theo to the gods
who have vaginas those are feminine divinities see the article
TI remember I told you Theos is a word that can be masculine or feminine the
concept of God I know that when you say God you think
dude right the oldest uses of Theos are feminine they you said God to them and
they thought this is the lady that gives you birth isn't that glorious imagine if
you worshiped a God that was your mother seriously right and not only that but
just like edus found out she is sexy yeah she a sexy
mama wo what are you going to do what are you going to do it's going to change
the way you look at people it's going to change the respect that you have for people and people that you don't respect
it's going to give you more respect for those people stop being a dumb misogynist it's only because your
religion is monest that you're a misogynist oh God takes so long the
people sacrifice to the gods H in order that PO they might stop tonon the War
excuse me did I say might I meant May and why did I mean May because I should
be using the right sequence what is my main verb th it's a present I have to
I'm in primary sequence I've got to have what do I have to have I have to have a subjunctive following primary sequence
and I'm going to translate that subjunctive as May in order that they may stop the war good give me the next
set I'm going to go through these quick and I want you to do this this so you can play it back to yourself and you
know if you haven't done these yet or if you have you can correct them this ways too this way too but look at number
three let's read it in Greek Angelus exas
hoos um where's our main Clause here let's look for verbs do you see any
verbs I see Epson right up front Okay that's a nice indicative looking verb
that looks like an arys third person plural indicative active to me it does
it does so okay I'm just going to translate my verb then my main verb epon
they sent they sent now okay let me keep reading is there any are there any
subjects here for the they yeah there are hooi the strangers that is in the
nominative case it's got to be the sub the they of the verb The Strangers sent
Angelus Messengers where' they send them ex auras out of the
aura now we get our purpose Clause hopos because guess what hos and hopos all
mean in a purpose clause in order that so what why did The Strangers send
these Messengers out of the augra in order that they Lucan what is that that
that is an arist optative arist optative why is it
optative because in a purpose Clause if the main verb is in the
secondary is a secondary verb or in secondary sequence and is this one yeah
because what is it what is it Epson it's an arist that's secondary so
we're going to have to have the optative and we're going to translate it as in order that they might not that they may
but in order that they might as soon as you start talking about something in the past you're gonna have to switch from
May to M good that's isn't that nice teaching teaching ourselves proper
English too that's nice okay um so they sent those Messengers out of the
marketplace right The Strangers did in order that they might dissolve the peace
in order that they might break the peace good look at number four now this is essentially the same look what we got up
front we've got the same direct object on Gus those Messengers and then epimp
what is that that's an imperfect that's an imperfect and we know it's first person singular or third
person plural so we can try both right let's try third person plural they sent
Messengers Petty t around the island hos
in order that may Lu in order that
they excuse me o o o which one is that that's second
person plural in order that you might not destroy the peace in order that you
plural you all might not destroy the piece good do you see how that's working
your your sentence is talking to itself and when you have dependent clauses
they're going to be talking to the main clause and saying oh wait the main Clause is all the way in the past so I'm
gonna shift to that same region and I'm going to turn myself into an optative
and I'm gonna say in order that you might not that you may good look at number five again we can put the
purpose Clause right up front hna Loman right in order that we may destroy
we uh here release let's try release here in order that we may release Homer
P oh what is that it's a third person plural perfect
they have sent gifts right they have sent gifts in order that we
May release Homer and you say wait a minute they have sent that sounds like
it's in the past it's not they have sent is in the present right now at this point in time
they are in a state of having sent they already sent
it but we're talking about the present right the perfect tense is actually
referring to present time so is the future going to be surprised so is the future the future is just a possibility
it's that which has not yet come to pass but possibly will right it's kind of a
weird way it's that which is about to be you see they look at the future they call the future in Greek the that which
is mellow or melis that which is about to happen right
constantly you are if you're referring to the Future you are in a St of referring to what is
about right what is about to happen what is potentially there that can happen
that's where you are right but that's a present time you're just in the present there there is no future right they said
the future is never actually happens that's why it's the future if it actually happened it wouldn't be the
future do you understand oh love it love it okay let's get one more couple of
sets of exercises love doing this yep give me the next one this is numbers 8 n
and 10 I just want you to see I'm going to read it to you real quick tus men and
I want you to notice there's a Min here and a de that follows it near the end of
the first line second to last word death in Greek when you you don't really translate the men and the death the men
is there telling you I've got one thing on this side and the de is telling you and I've got another thing on this side
the Greeks ancient Greeks love to make constant comparisons and contrast they
love to contrast and compare right on the one hand so that's why in English we usually translate this on the one hand
something happens on the other hand something else happens on the one hand men on the other hand death right so
what does he say here um on the one hand the gods did not guard
the eyes of Homer okay on the one hand the gods
didn't guard the eyes of Homer on the other hand right they have well guarded the
books of homer which are about the virtue of people right about human
virtue yeah so on the one hand they didn't guard his eyes which is a terrible joke because Homer was
supposedly blind right so on the one hand they didn't guard his eyes on the other hand right
they very well have have have guarded his uh his work his actual works his
songs right and we got another men and dead number nine on the one hand what
eluc son eluc son yeah on the one
hand they what what are we going to do how are we going to do this
Luc what is that is that from the what verb is that from luo let me see Lu luo
elusa leuca oh look it's got
lukai right um uh plus and it's augmented right so on the one hand they
had um dissolved the piece by means of some kind of speech or word right logo
on the other hand they did not do it ooh it's just got the negative they didn't
do itoy indeed in word in spirit they did it but
in deed they didn't do you see how that men in the de is working and the de you
can just put the de there and it's assumed that you're going to be using this very same verb the very same verb
look at that beautiful beautiful beautiful PL perfect of luo El Luan third person plural they had
released right they had they had okay look at number 10 now I wanted to give
you this one because this is a question it's a question and what is the word that indicates it's a question ARA do
you translate ARA no ARA is just telling you uh I'm a question now can you ask a
question without having a in Greek yes yes you can
right and you'll always you'll never be uncertain about this thanks to the editors right the this isn't in the
original ancient Greek but thanks to the Byzantine editors we get things like the semicolon for the question mark so see
the semicolon at the end of that sentence that's a question mark and it's because some stinky Byzantine Garian
monk who's who's under ging stank cuz he
never washed them um you know because they didn't know B Byzantine monks always stink you have to understand that
why do you think they go out in the desert right okay anyway um you thought
it was a mental thing no um
a h there's our purpose Clause
h p right it's a question right so graes grapes what is that
that's our verb that's our verb main clause and what is it it's from grafo grao it's a
future from the second principal part second person singular will you write pent bibl five
books Pon about the sacrifices to to the Gods
H in order that now jump to your verb in order that what pimpo men pimpo men what
do we get there we get a present subjunctive a present subjunctive third
person uh first person plural present subjunctive why do we get a present
subjunctive um because our aspect is continuous right and we have to have a
subjunctive because our main verb grap is a primary verb it's in primary
sequence right so following a future we're going to need a subjunctive and
we're going to translate in order that somebody may not might in order that
they may good fantastic think of it this way might present I mean excuse me may
present or future might past think of it that way okay good good good good now
when we get to the the sub independent subjunctives or subjunctives of
potential um we're going to get there'll be a little bit confusion there because we're we're g to translate a verb as
both may and might it's going to get a little confusing a little confusing okay
um good did I do that whole thing um will you write five books about the
sacrifices to the Gods in order that we may send gifts to the go ODS yeah are
you going to do that question all right um the rest of your sentences you feel
free to work through those but what I want for next week is for everybody who's in amenu which there's over 500
people doing the language looking at the language now for for you people what I
want you to do is to read the review I
want you to try the review there are some sentences in there don't fill out anything but the sentences I want you to
go to the sentences they look like exercises they are and I want you to try
to do those exercises next week when we get together
the I will have half timee for you just a little bit of review and then we're
going to take the exam we're going to take the exam it'll take us a little bit longer but it's well worth it and you
can sit there and watch me um do it and you can bounce off and give yourself an
approximate grade right now if you and I were doing that in class together I would grade you that's what I do right
so anyway but that's how we're gonna do it here at this format with am and you
so Aussies who want um that nighttime it'll be your
night time your evening and it'll be on Thursdays Aussies who want that please
send me an email with just a brief a brief sentence or two about yourself and
about um uh you want to be able to be involved in a small classroom because um
that's what we've got with Epsilon fantastic um I love the teaching and I
love the fact that people are hungry for this and I'm totally overwhelmed by your
tons and tons of email about how some has awakened in you something has
awakened and there's some kind of dope that you now absolutely must smoke um to
find the Universe I love that and I love people who are who are reaching out for
the people who are talking about bad things in the world and the made this
and that happen and the cursings and the people who are you're dead I love the comments oh enjoy hell idiot I love
those comments right keep that coming too because that fuels me I love it absolutely love it thank you for putting
up with so much time tonight we broke a record this is the longest one ever I
want to thank you to all the 501s who stayed here who stayed here and and and
hung in there um you're you're amazing and I want you to know it's a privilege
and an honor to um to be with you thank you and hail Satan
to babyon Dragon Lady of the L snake venom
dream section Mal purple ion House of
Frankenstein Violet rain Rhymes Mur hold the flame Athena in the sky diamond
sharp on the magic cover I fly The Man Who Laughs wear a mask a away Thum make
these [__] jump py out on Broadway Dr
Doom B go Mo cush you get the face move magic is
medicine wish you would she cush you get the
place magic get wish you jeers
creepers Mya
[Music] [Applause] [Music]